
Reauth:  Periodically Renew AFS Authentication

What Reauth is

    Reauth provides a way for time-intensive programs which would
    normally lose AFS authentication after 25 hours to renew that
    authentication without direct user intervention.  Postman, for
    example, uses reauth.

Quick reference

    Syntax:

        reauth time userid <password>

    where time is in seconds, userid is the userid of the person running
    the program, and password is the user's password. If a password is
    not specified on the command line, it is read from the terminal.

    Errors:  reauth sends errors to the console device.  Possible error
    messages are:

        Password too long:  len   The password entered was of length len
        and exceeds the maximum length of 64.

        fork failed:   reauth was unable to place itself in the
        background and cannot execute. The reason will appear on the
        previous line.

        Unable to authenticate to AFS because: reason: the AFS
        authentication failed because of the given reason.  The most
        common reason would be an incorrect password.

How Reauth works

    When first run, reauth authenticates, and then places itself in the
    background and sleeps until the specified time has elapsed.  It then
    attempts to reauthenticate the user on the file system.  If it
    succeeds, then it again goes to sleep and repeats the process
    indefinitely.  If it fails  then it will retry every 5 minutes until
    it does succeed.

Warnings

    Running reauth from shell scripts can pose security problems if the
    program is run with the password on the command line. Although it is
    zero'd out, some systems do not honor this attempt to remove it from
    a ps listing.

    Reauth never terminates and can only be killed manually or by
    rebooting the workstation.

    The only situations in which reauth should be necessary are those in
    which the program will run longer than the lifetime of the
    authentication (usually 25 hours), the program must be
    authenticated, and the user cannot be present.  

Advice

    Since authentication normally lasts for 25 hours, it is usually
    unnecessary to run reauth much more than that, though a value of
    around 12 hours (43200 seconds) is acceptable.

    Since reauth is equivalent to manually running klog, users are
    encourage to do so, if possible.

Files

    /usr/local/etc/reauth       the program

Related tools  

Select (put a box around) one of the italicized names and choose "Get
Help on Selected Word" from the pop-up menu to see the help file for:

    klog
    ps
